# MrCBASIC
The best BASIC compiler found so far is the one from QB64.org.

So far, if I place SCREEN 11 on the first line, the program runs until the map of africa is drawn with the region marks (N, S, etc.) and the prompt" CHOOSE YOUR AREA NOW.  The program does not accept any input at that point.

Also, (this is the original unedited), I needed to add some high label numbers at the end of the program so that it would compile.  I suspect that there are supporting files that supply those line numbers, OR HOPEFULLY not supplied by libs that we do not have source to.  We only have this one file because we wanted to see if we could transfer the .BAS to .TXT on the old Mac.  After saving the .BAS to .TXT (as text in the SAVE AS dialog), we took the computer to RE-PC in Tukwila, WA where they bounced the files to a newer MAC then saved to a thumb drive.

The next step is to get on the old computer and suspect the floppy that this AFRICA program was copied from and see if there are additional files.  If there are, then we need to decide whether to just copy a few of them, or a bunch, or the whole thing.

Once we have the complete program, we can try again. If we get stuck, we might ask the QB64 forum for help, and then perhaps explore open sourcing the entire project, and/or hiring someone to do at least the first conversion, perhaps more, or see if the community is interested in jumping in to make these programs available to the public.

Or perhaps there is a race condition given that the input is waiting for either a mouse or keyboard event.  

Or perhaps the mouse is off due to resolution expectations?

Or perhaps the input is accepted, but the fact that the checks for the mouse clicks branch off to labels not in this module, the code is just stuck here at around label 570.

KNOWN ISSUES, Points of Interest:
Program needs SCREEN (x)  11 seems to work best.
Code references labels not in this source file, e.g. 5000 to 20000.  Hopefully these do not reference libraries that we don't have source code to.  That would be a major blocker, potential deal breaker for the project.
WAVE keyword does not seem to be supported, see line 114 (label 349)
Mr. C (orginal author) says that much of the graphics was generated by the MacPaint program.

